Add incidents to cloud index page (#11532)
PrefectHQ/prefect: docs/cloud/index.md

Prefect Cloud [automations](/cloud/automations/) provide additional notification capabilities beyond those in a self-hosted open-source Prefect server.
Automations also enable you to create event-driven workflows.

## Incidents <span class="badge pro"></span> <span class="badge enterprise"></span> <span class="badge beta"/>

Prefect Cloud's [incidents](/concepts/incidents/)  help teams identify, rectify, and document issues in mission-critical workflows. 

> Incidents are formal declarations of disruptions to workflows, and provide a temporary control plane for collaboratively managing those disruptions. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Incidents are formal declarations of disruptions to a workspace. With Automations, activity in that workspace can be paused when an incident is created and resumed when it is resolved.
```

Reviewer: I know we've used "temporary control plane" internally, but I find that very abstract. I think its clearer to spell it out for users.
